Why are you here?
Who will save my sister?
sister
Sister, it's alright.
I have arranged 7.
Let him gather people to save his sister
How do you deal with that sister?
A tooth for a tooth, an eye for an eye, of course.
But we can't force it
But don't worry.
I'll arrange it.
We are a small family
How are they their opponents?
Exactly.
Guardian Zhao is indeed the best guardian in Nancheng
justice and fairness
Then you reported the Chen family and the Fang family
They have received the punishment they deserve
What's next?
What follows is endless revenge
One of the Big Three
Once Chen Jia, whose arms can't twist her thighs, moves for real
Irradiating radians are no match for them
At that time, he will not be able to protect himself
Does he control you?
That's fucking life-defying
Don't you care if you are brave?
Is there any way?
Who do you think you are?
Superman Batman
Or Lu Zhishen
When you see injustice, draw a knife and help you.
Aunt Yun
I find that I don't know you anymore and again
It was my parents who died
This revenge will not be avenged
Am I Ouyang Feilong worthy to be a man?